[singing in Japanese]
[narrator]
Jean didn't remember anything
about the night he ate
the hallucinogenic mushrooms,
including Nadia's kiss.
Her kindness to him ever since
was a great mystery to him.
Of course, things returned to
normal
when she grew angry
with him
for not remembering
that romantic night.
Jean missed
an opportunity for romance
and the shaky
love affair didn't sit well
with certain members
of the island's population.
With Jean dreaming of invention
and Nadia as irritable as ever,
all has returned to normal,
but will they ever leave
their island home?
Oh, I see.
[Marie] Hey, Jean!
Hmm?
What are we going to eat today?
That's a secret.
Oh, no.
[gasps] But that's--
Shh.
Don't let Nadia hear you.
Did you forget? Nadia
will never eat that, right?
Don't you worry,
I thought up a clever plan.
This is sure to work.
Hmm. But if it doesn't work,
she'll just get
angrier, won't she?
I'm sure it will work.
You'll get
yourself into trouble again,
and just when
we're getting along so well.
Nadia can always tell
when she's eating meat
by its taste and texture.
Do you follow me so far?
I think. She doesn't do it
for the animals,
but we think differently.
And it's really
just likes and dislikes.
But do you remember what
her favorite
from the rations
tasted like?
Uh, like meat.
Right. So we can assume
that it's not the taste
she notices but the texture.
So you're going to mix it up
really well
so that she doesn't
know it's there?
That's right.
But I really haven't mixed in
very much meat yet.
Huh. But what
exactly are you making?
-This.
-What are those?
[Jean] It's a mixture covered
in a coating of nuts.
-You cook them by steaming them.
-Oh.
They call them Chinese
dumplings,
but I've never really
eaten one before.
Are they good?
I'll know as
soon I've eaten one.
Oh.
Jean, you would be a good wife
-if someone made you.
-Only if I were a female.
[Marie]
You are much too good for Nadia.
[Jean] Only if this succeeds.
[gong]
[cracks]
They're strange.
They got a little cold.
You like them?
[munching]
They're delicious.
You think so?
Of course. They're wonderful.
You should have
made these before.
-You're right.
Huh.
You better not have mixed
any meat into these.
Did you, Jean?
Why would I do
something like that?
[Marie humming]
[Jean sighs]
What's the matter, huh?
I don't know. I just feel like
I cheated Nadia somehow.
Oh, you shouldn't
worry about that
because you haven't
done something wrong
until someone
catches you doing it.
Well, I still feel
pretty guilty about it.
It's always the nice guys
who are worried
they've done something wrong.
Oh, what a strange way to
see things. Who taught you that?
Ms. Grandis did.
Say, do you think you're
ever going to marry Nadia?
[Jean] I don't know.
Marriage,
it sounds like a good idea.
I think I'd like to get married
one day. That would be nice.
[Marie] You know, it's
every girls' dream come true.
[Jean] I'd like to be
married before I'm 29.
[Marie] I'm going to
get married before I'm 26.
[Jean]
I suppose in this day and age,
things should be
taken care of earlier.
I mean, that girl in Lombard
already got married.
[Marie sighs]
[Jean] But how
could we ever do that here?
There's no church or minister,
or even a courthouse on
the island.
[Marie] No. But
you could at least get engaged.
[Jean]
Engaged? What a great idea.
But I don't have
an engagement ring.
[Marie] Speaking of not having
something,
I'm worried about
tonight's dinner.
[Jean]
You are right, Marie.
We should probably worry more
about dinner
and less about
engagement rings.
[Marie]
You can be so simple sometimes.
[Jean]
I know. I am pretty simple.
[Marie]
I want to go somewhere else.
[Jean] Me, too.
Someplace with
a church or a courthouse,
someplace nice,
with plenty of good food,
and shelter, a big laboratory...
[Marie]
I want a fish dinner tonight.
[Jean] Oh, me, too.
I'm tired of
octopus and kite eggs.
Octopus and kite eggs.
Kite!
Here we go.
-What is that?
It's a kite.
A kite?
This guy will fly very high
and then
we can get off the island.
[Nadia] Don't you think it looks
a bit too small
to carry the four of us?
We're only using this
for a little reconnaissance.
You see,
only one of us will go up,
then we'll get a good look
at the island.
But who's going to do that?
-Hmm, good question.
Huh?
[gasps]
[grunting]
[Marie] Hi, King!
-[giggles]
-That should take care of it.
So, what's
supposed to happen now?
Um, well, check
wind speed, direction,
and distance to the horizon.
How is King
going to do all of that?
I forgot.
[wind gushing]
I keep forgetting
that King is an animal.
What was
I thinking when I sent him up?
Look over there.
Storm clouds.
-[tie snaps]
-No.
[screaming]
-My telescope!
-[Marie] King.
The things
you create always seem to fail.
They would work a whole heck
of a lot better
if it weren't for gravity.
[Nadia] Can't you think of
a better way
to bring him back down?
I think of ways to fly. Coming
down takes care of itself.
[Marie] King! King!
You can be such
a scatterbrain, Jean.
Oh, I sure hope
my telescope lens
doesn't get broken in the fall.
[Nadia] Telescope? Don't
you care if King gets hurt?
[Jean] King can always heal,
but I can't fix a broken lens.
[Nadia] So the lens is
more important to you than King?
[Jean] I didn't say that at all.
[Nadia] Don't lie to me.
-[Jean sighs]
-[Marie] King!
[Nadia] King.
My lens.
[birds chirping]
-Oh, King.
-You're safe with us now.
Oh, thank heavens.
-What was that?
-Oh.
Thank heavens he's safe.
-[King gasps]
-That's right. Huh?
[grunting]
Are you sure?
There's a typhoon coming.
King spotted it when he was in
the kite.
Really? That must have caused
the gust of winds
that made
the kite come back down.
You're not listening, Jean.
A typhoon, it's going
to come down right on top of us.
[rain pouring]
[waves crashing]
[leaves rustling]
[wind gushing]
[fire lamp clicking]
[shivering]
Um, Jean, will the hut hold up?
I hope so.
You hope?
This is actually the first
typhoon
I've ever experienced, Nadia.
[gasps]
[wind gushing]
[waves crashing]
[leaves rustling]
[Marie] I'm scared.
This is bad, Jean.
They're as bad as the books say.
Are you certain
we'll be safe in here?
Oh, yes.
I've reinforced the walls,
I've filled in the gaps,
and I even
double-layered the door.
There's no
need for you to worry.
And the roof?
The roof? What I did there...
uh... was nothing.
[both] How could
you possibly forget about that?
[screaming]
-King!
-Oh, no.
[wind howling]
[Nadia] We took such a long time
to build that hut
and to make sure it was sturdy,
and it still couldn't
weather the typhoon.
[Jean] Nature's quite ruthless
as well as giving, Nadia.
[Nadia] Mm-hmm.
Oh, King, where are you now?
We've looked all
over the island for him.
Let's call it off for now.
We can start
again in the morning.
That's a good idea.
I... I should
have made it stronger.
[grunts]
I should've...
You really can't blame yourself
for this, Jean.
[Jean] But--
You did
the very best you could.
You had no way of knowing
what the storm would be like.
Thank you.
[Nadia] We'll build something
stronger the next time.
[Jean] I guess so.
A shooting star.
[Nadia] If you make a wish
on it, your wish will come true.
[Jean] Really?
So, uh, do you mind telling me
what you wished for?
That we find King
as soon as possible,
-and also that--
-And also what?
I wish that we could get away
from this island.
Is that all?
-[gasps]
-Huh? What's wrong?
-That mountain is moving.
-Huh?
But how can a mountain move?
[Jean] That's no mountain.
That's an island.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[dramatic music playing]
I thought it was just
a dream or an illusion.
But it's a real island.
It--it could be a mirage.
[Jean] You wouldn't see
a mirage as clearly as that.
[Marie] Did
the typhoon push it next to us?
[Nadia] Does that ever happen?
It's continental drift.
Uh, what's continental drift?
Remember when Captain Nemo
told us about it?
The Earth used to consist of
one landmass, but it split apart
and the pieces are drifting
around the planet
on giant plates.
But the island appeared
in just one day, right?
Maybe a drastic
shift in tectonic plates
caused the sea
to reveal itself to us.
[Nadia]
Really? Does that ever happen?
[Jean] Yes. The Earth still has
many mysteries
beyond our imagination.
We think it's unusual to see
a continent fall into the ocean
or an island rise up out of it.
But these things
are inconsequential to Earth
because it's known about these
secrets
for millions
and millions of years, Nadia.
Humans think they rule over
the planet, but we're so small.
We should all remember that the
Earth is a living thing, too.
[Marie] Hey.
What do you see, Marie?
It's King.
He's right over there!
-Huh?
It is King.
[birds chirping]
It's delicious.
[Nadia] Oh, thank goodness.
It looks like we won't have
to worry about food anymore.
No, it doesn't appear to me
like this island was created
overnight.
[King growling]
King tells me that
there's something interesting
over there.
He does? But how did...
You can understand
what King says, too?
Yes, because we love each other.
Oh.
[Marie] Let's go take a look.
We haven't
explored this island enough.
-Be careful.
-[Marie] Never mind that.
We'll be back later. Bye.
-Marie!
-[Jean sighs]
What? What's the matter?
Did you happen to notice
that King
was running on his hind legs?
Yes, you're right.
-This is a bizarre place.
-[Jean] Naturally.
It appeared out of nowhere
in the middle of the night.
That is quite bizarre.
Not in that way, Jean.
Look at those trees.
Now notice that the trees
over there are of a completely
different type.
You're right.
Those are coniferous trees.
They grow in colder climates.
And I see something just beyond
those trees
that reminds me of
the desert.
[Jean] It certainly looks like
those are sand dunes.
Strange.
I think there's a lot
about this island we don't know.
I'm surprised that you think so.
This isn't like
you at all, Nadia.
You usually deny everything.
I don't know what it is,
but I'm feeling uneasy.
I don't want to know the secret
this island is hiding.
We should get away
from here as soon as possible.
Yes. I think that's a good idea.
I'll go get Marie and King.
-[Marie] Hey.
-[both] Huh?
[Jean] Marie.
We're going back.
We don't think this island
is a very good place.
Come and look at the headman
King and I found on the beach.
-Headman?
[whimsical music playing]
[growls]
-[gasps]
-He looks dirty.
How horrible.
[Jean] Someone's on
this island.
Other humans?
There was a 16th
century explorer named Magellan.
His expeditions
sailed around the world.
He was attacked
by island natives.
But does that happen these days?
It's hard to say.
If it does happen,
we'll probably end up like
that poor man.
-Nadia.
-Yes.
This is too dangerous.
-Let's get out of here.
-Right.
But the headman is still alive.
-What did you say?
-Kick!
-[grunts]
Somebody help me.
[both gasp]
I'll do anything, anything
at all, just please help me.
The head's talking.
He was buried
alive and left for dead.
[Ayerton]
I'm sorry. It was all my fault.
Please.
Don't worry. You'll be just fine
as soon as I get you out
of there.
[Ayerton] Th--th--thank you.
Pardon me.
I hate to be a bother,
but would you happen to have
-any water with you, young man?
-[gasps]
I need water.
[all gasp]
-[Jean] Ayerton.
-[Ayerton] Hmm?
[Jean] Is that you?
Mr. Ayerton, you sure
have drunk a lot of water.
[sighs]
What a nice natural taste.
But you're acting like a sponge.
Yes, I know.
I did without for so long.
Even the spring
water will do for me.
Although you should be
more careful, children,
the plankton and microbes
in this water will kill you
if you continue
to drink it untreated.
Oh, don't tell us that.
Oh, but it's the absolute truth.
I know all about microbes.
I'm an expert, you see?
Right. But can you tell us
how you arrived on this island?
I'll tell you how.
I'll tell you all,
but it's an epic story.
I, Count Ayerton Grenavan,
was asked by the American Navy
to sweep the seas
clean of sea monsters
and all went well
until one night when--
But you said you were
a scientist
when we first met
you on the ship.
Actually,
that is my cover story.
Even the navy
doesn't know the truth.
Now allow me
to continue my tale.
It was a pitiless night when
we finally spotted the creature,
but we set
our sights upon it as it--
We know all about that.
We were both on the battleship
with you when it happened.
Mm-hmm.
Don't you remember
either of us, Professor?
Of course, I do. I was just
testing your memory, you see?
Your name is, uh...
Uh, it's Jean.
Right. Oh, of course,
I remember John and Rosebud.
-Nadia.
-And I'm Marie.
Right. My good friends,
John, Nadia, and little Marie.
But you're not
so little anymore.
You were this big
last time I saw you.
[all] Hmm.
Hey, you've
never seen me before.
No. Let me tell you about
how we attacked the monster.
The monster attacked you
because you fired on it first,
that's why we fell
into the ocean.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, yes, of course, but you
don't know what happened next.
We soon discovered that the sea
monster was in fact--
[both] The world's first
submarine
of practical use, right?
You know? But how could you?
That's top
secret naval intelligence.
Maybe so. But since
the last time we saw you,
we've witnessed things
far greater than even that.
So please only tell
us the truth, Mr. Ayerton.
All right. I'll tell
you about everything.
I don't suppose
it will matter at this point.
We encountered
the submarine one last time.
That's where my story begins.
[cannon fires]
[Ayerton] We hit the monstrosity
with a full attack.
The force of our barrage caused
our ship to shake tremendously,
which caused
me to fall overboard.
Luckily, I survived.
But the fleet
had left me behind.
Fortunately, I clung to a barrel
that was filled with luscious
red apples.
And I drifted day,
after day,
after day.
Until at last I found myself
on this island.
Is that all?
That is only
the beginning of it, little man.
Terrible trials
were still in store for me.
Great mysteries
too wondrous to tell.
The sun rose from the west.
The night once
lasted for 24 hours.
Snow fell on
tropical vegetation.
And one day,
after a stretch of dry weather,
the sea froze
into an enormous block of ice.
-Is that so?
-It is the truth!
You doubt me?
I have no reason to lie.
Huh.
The laws of gravity
do not apply to this island.
I found that I could run
much faster than ever before.
I could jump higher
than anyone on Earth.
Not only that,
dark shapes hid among the rocks.
And I could hear weeping
coming from one of the caves.
The sea glowed every night
and my food disappeared
without a trace.
There is most definitely
a deep mystery
at the heart of this island.
[all gasp]
There must be a secret,
but let's not find it out.
-[Jean] Hmm.
-[Marie groans]
Marie is very hungry.
Let's go back to Lincoln Island.
Come on.
Wait a minute!
Uh, you must know
the worst part of my story.
The part that will
keep you awake forever!
-Huh?
I thought I had seen everything
on this island.
One month ago,
the Kings of Terror arrived.
[all] The Kings of Terror?
Oh, yes, and let me assure you
that their name described
their behavior perfectly.
Their leader is the worst,
a witch with a shrieking voice
and blood-colored hair.
[all] A witch?
Yes, and the second
is a tall and slender demon
with the strength
of a thousand men.
[all] A tall slender demon?
The last of them is an ingenious
but enormously fat fiend!
[all] A fat fiend?
These devils had a servant
that carried them about
on its four huge legs.
[all] A devil servant?
[Nadia] Oh.
When I was captured by them,
every day was a season in Hell.
They would screech at me
like wailing banshees
all through the day and night,
and force me to choke down
the boiling lava
they so enjoyed feasting upon.
Terrible.
It really does sound like hell.
I tried to escape them,
but they fell upon me and
left me as you found me today.
I--I am very lucky to be alive.
Yes. But the thing
that worries me is what happens
if the Kings of
Terror come back again?
We better get back
to our island right away.
Yes, let's do that!
Would you please
take me with you?
Yes, of course we will. But
we'll need you to row the boat.
I'll do anything for you.
-[footsteps rumbling]
-What?
[tense music playing]
[whimpers]
[all scream]
[all] The Devil!
The Kings of
Terror have come for us!
[singing in Japanese]